**Escape room game. Haunted library. Gather clues.**

This repo consists of 10 html and 5 css files, orginized with MVC folders: model, public, views. The main page is the library_entrance, and provides users with 3 links/ buttons. The first, and main button - "Click to start" - is linked to the inside_the_library page. The 2 links next to it, "How To Play" and "Game Lore", link to seperate, similar looking, pages, that will provide the promised information. The main page is the inside_the_library page, it is an image of a room in the library; when certain elements of the image are clicked, they take center and are zoomed into. I did this unconventionally: each click moves you to a different page for each clue. The elements are as follows: the bookshelf, the computer, and the ouija board. These are all clues to solve the mystery of the library. This function was created through mapping the coordinates of the picture elements on the page. Therefore, it no longer works when the page isn't full screen at the moment; for that reason, I created a break-point with media-query that results written links to the zoomed-in elements of the page to pop us. Lastly, when you click the light, you move to a different, dimmer page, of the same library image. 
Additionally, inside the computer in the library, there is an "email"-like function, wherein the user can see the emails sent between the main characters in the game. That is the inside_computer page. The users are able to interact with that with CRUD, deleting on inside_computer, editing in the edit page and adding a new email in the add page. The CSS for that is in the incomputer css file.
The backend is done on the app.js file, with any important background info or imported parts in the package.json and package-lock.json files. On the app.js file, I set 6 static routes for library_entrance.html, game_lore.html, how_to_play.html, and inside_the_library.html, add.html, and edit.html. I also made dynamic links to the clues inside of the library, all of which are within the same route as inside_the_library.html, which is /hauntedlibrary. For /hauntedlibrary/insidecomputer, /add, and /edit there is more specific backend, for CRUD.